>>> WE ARE BACK WITH OUR
BREAKING NEWS COVERAGE.
YOU ARE LOOKING AT VIDEO FROM
EARLIER TODAY OF ISRAELI TANKS
AND TROOPS GATHERING IN SOUTHERN
ISRAEL.
MORE THAN 300,000 ISRAELI
RESERVISTS HAVE BEEN CALLED UP,
AS THE COUNTRY PREPARES FOR A
POSSIBLE GROUND OPERATION IN
RESPONSE TO THE SURPRISE
TERRORIST ATTACK BY HAMAS ON
SATURDAY.
REMEMBER, ISRAEL HAS
CONSCRIPTION.
CNN'S JEREMY DIAMOND IS ON THE
GROUND THERE, AND HAS THIS
REPORT ON ONE OF THE LARGEST
MOBILIZATIONS THIS THE HISTORY
OF ISRAEL.
>> Reporter: AT A MILITARY BASE
IN SOUTHERN ISRAEL, COLUMNS OF
ISRAELI TANKS STAND AT THE
READY, AWAITING ORDERS FOR AN
INVASION OF GAZA THAT EVERYONE
EXPECTS, BUT NO ONE HAS YET
COMMANDED.
THIS IS A COUNTRY ON A WAR
FOOTING.
THE ISRAELI MILITARY HAS CALLED
UP MORE THAN 300,000 RESERVISTS,
ONE OF THE LARGEST MOBILIZATION
EFFORTS THIS THIS COUNTRY'S
HISTORY.
THIS BEHIND ME IS THAT
MOBILITIZATION EFFORTS IN
ACTION.
YOU ARE WITNESSING THOUSANDS OF
RESERVISTS.
ISRAELIS FROM ALL ACROSS THE
COUNTRY, COMING TO THIS MILITARY
BASE IN SOUTHERN ISRAEL TO BEGIN
TO PREPARE FOR THE NEXT PHASE OF
THIS MILITARY CAMPAIGN.
BUT IT'S NOT JUST THE SCALE THAT
MAKES THIS MOBILIZATION
DIFFERENT.
>> I'VE BEEN IN OTHER CAMPAIGNS
IN THE LAST 30 YEARS.
NEVER SOMETHING LIKE THIS.
>> Reporter: FOR THE SOLDIERS
CONVERGING ON THIS BASE, THE
SHOCKING BRUTALITY OF HAMAS'
SURPRISE TERRORIST ATTACKS IS
STILL REVERBERATING.
>> EVERY PERSON HERE LOST
SOMEONE.
EVERY PERSON.
WE WERE IN AMSTERDAM TILL
WEDNESDAY MORNING.
TILL MONDAY MORNING, I CAME HERE
TO ENLIST IN THE ARMY TO FIGHT
THOSE GUYS.
>> VERY EMOTIONAL MOMENT.
>> YES.
CHILDREN DIE AND KIDNAPPING.
IT'S LIKE OUR ENEMY.
>> Reporter: DRIVING DOWN ROADS
EAST OF THE GAZA STRIP,
REPARATIONS FOR THE NEXT PHASE
OF THE MILITARY CAMPAIGN ARE
EVERYWHERE.
TRUCKS LOADED WITH AMMUNITION.
ARMORED VEHICLES, THOUSANDS OF
ISRAELI SOLDIERS MOBILIZING.
AND JUST SEVEN MILES FROM THE
GAZA BORDER, THIS FORMATION OF
ARMORED PERSONNEL CARRIERS.
WE ARE ABOUT A DOZEN KILOMETERS
FROM THE GAZA BORDER, ABOUT SIX,
SEVEN MILES.
THIS IS THE PREPARATION FOR WHAT
MANY PEOPLE IN ISRAEL BELIEVE IS
GOING TO HAPPEN NEXT, THAT IS
THE POSSIBILITY OF A GROUND
INVASION.
YOU CAN SEE HERE, ARMORED
PERSONNEL CARRIERS, PERHAPS
NEARLY TWO DOZEN OF THOSE, AS
WELL AS TRUCKS AND YOU SEE
SOLDIERS ALL HERE PREPARING FOR
THE NEXT PHASE OF THIS WAR.
BUT AMID THE PREPARATIONS FOR
TOMORROW'S BATTLE, TODAY'S IS
STILL VERY MUCH ALIVE.
AND JAKE, JUST TO PUT THAT
NUMBER OF 300,000 RESERVISTS
BEING CALLED UP INTO CONTEXT,
THAT IS 4% OF ISRAEL'S
POPULATION.
BUT PERHAPS WHAT IS MORE
STARTLING, THAT NUMBER IS EQUAL
TO THE NUMBER OF TOTAL FORCES IN
THE U.S.' MILITARY RESERVES.
THAT NUMBER IS 331,000.
WHEN YOU CONSIDER THE FACT THAT
THE U.S. POPULATION IS 34 TIMES
LARGER, IT HELPS YOU UNDERSTAND
THE SCALE OF THIS MOBILIZATION
EFFORT HERE IN ISRAEL.
NOW, THE QUESTION IS WHAT
HAPPENS NEXT?
WE SIMPLY DO NOT KNOW YET.
BUT ALL OF THE SOLDIERS WE SPOKE
TO TODAY, ALL OF THOSE
RESERVISTS ALL SEEM TO BELIEVE
THAT THEY CAN LIKELY GOING